Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this section, we're going to be able to search for products.
Okay, then to do this, we need to go to the views directory and then the widget.
And over here you can see we have the search imputes phi.
Okay, now what we can do is we can use contra and bits to make this way.
Okay.
Now the first thing we need to do is when the user clicks on this search, we are going to need to take
the user to the search screen and they are going to be able to search for products over here.
Okay.
Now, to do this, first of all, we need to make this test field a read all the field so that they
are not going to be able to search for products over here not to do this.
All we just have to do is to go to the test field.
And the test field has a property known as the read only.
And then we're going to need to set it to true.
Okay.
Now use contra and save and.
And now click on this.
You can see.
You can see the tests the the keyboard is not popping out because we made it a read all the field.
Now what we can do now is to take the user to the cell screen and over here they are then going to be
with etc..
Okay, now this test field has a property known as on tap, okay?
And as we know is going to be a function and now we can then see now the you get all.
Thoughts of contest.
Dodd's push.
Okay.
And as you know, this is going to take in something known as Syria.
Page.
Roots.
Okay, this is gonna take in context, and we can specify it as a type of beauty contest.
Okay.
And now we can then have this.
I think we need to override this to see what we're missing.
Okay, I think we're missing one additional parenthesis.
And now over here, we can then say return.
It's an.
What's such a typical this search screen?
Okay how did this and use country NASA save.
Okay.
And.
I'm just going to go back to the home screen and now let's click on this.
Okay.
You can see it's taking us to the screen.
Now, all we can do now is to go to the search screen.
Now we can use control and B, to make this slide.
And we need to go to the search screen and use control and B.
Neither of the centre widgets gonna needs to get rid of the body as well.
We're just going to get rid of the centre first.
And then get rid of the body.
And now for the body, they're going to have to have the.
And have our.
Labor as well.
Okay.
And we can then have a title.
The title is then going to be the test.
Tess Field.
Okay now he's trying to save and but check this out.
Okay.
You going to sit over here?
Now, what we can do is we can give you a broken or two.
This is going to be background color.
Color starts whites and use Katrina SC.
Okay.
Now we can.
We can.
We can just go to the search.
Compute.
Such impute, we have that value.
And copy this test field.
Right.
Okay.
Contraire.
Copy.
And.
You can see it as you write the key.
So that's why they're good.
Side of the trail, comma.
Okay.
Now, we can't get rid of this.
And is this?
And get rid of words.
And we don't need.
This on top.
Right.
And as well, we don't want this to be read only because we want to be able to say, okay, and now
we can then use control and se to save.
Okay.
You can see.
Now what we can do, you can see that hydro is no more.
We can also make it visible.
To make it visible within the.
Hub bar.
It has a property known as I contain.
This is going to be Icahn.
I can't.
I think.
I can't seem.
Then I got data.
They were going to say colors, colors, dots.
BLOCK okay.
According to Kumar, he is control and as the save you can see the way you know.
Okay.
You can see.
You can go back and work on this again.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
And what we can do is within the harbor, we can see elevation to zero.
And we don't want an elevation gaze control necessary to see what does.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Probably we can just say what I think is it's a bit nice.
Okay.
Or you can just get rid of that if you don't.
Now, what we can as well is we can have an icon where the deletes the user test imputes to what the
users typed in.
Okay.
Now within the input declaration.
The test field has a property known as Sophie's.
Sophie's within the NPD equation.
Sorry, that aside, the equation, Sophie's icon.
Okay.
He's going to be an icon.
Widgets.
And.
And we can then say, I calls.
I called Scott Claire.
Okay.
Hopefully we have a consensus here in this country.
You're going to see the value.
Okay.
Great.
And now while we can, as Virgil is over here.
If they use us the search for any products, we then need a test of our year, which is businesses search
for product or search products.
Okay, now we're going to need to come out from the harbour and within the scaffold, you know, this
property card body, and then we're going to need to center the widgets.
Okay, child.
And there's going to be a test widgets.
And we can.
Just say search for products.
Okay.
Aditya, how did you convert, use control and then save?
You're going to see it over a year now.
Okay.
What we can do is we can.
Studies.
To tie.
And we can increase the font size to 20 and font widths.
Font.
Okay.
Font wit and this movie font which.
Don't vote.
Okay.
Is country a necessary.
Since the right.
Okay.
For now, we don't have any functionality.
Now we can go back and.
Click on this.
Bloomberg.
We come.
This seems good, right?
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.